initial edits to overview page (#524)
CHTC/chtc-website-source: uw-research-computing/hpc-overview.md

Violation of these policies may result in suspension of your account.

**2. The HPC Cluster is Reserved for MPI-enabled, Multi-node Jobs**   

> HPC users should not numerous jobs on the HPC Cluster that can individually finish 
> within 7 days less than 64 cores, given its 
> optimization for multi-cpu and multi-node/MPI work. Users may 
> be asked to transition individual jobs needing less than 64 cores 
>  to our high-throughput computing (HTC) system, where they 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HPC users should not run numerous jobs on the HPC Cluster that can individually finish 
within 7 days or use less than 40 cores, given its 
optimization for multi-cpu and multi-node/MPI work. Users may 
be asked to transition individual jobs needing less than 40 cores 
 to our high-throughput computing (HTC) system, where they 
```

backfill capacity via the `pre` partition (more details below).

  {:.gtable}
  | Partition | p-name | \# nodes (N) | t-default | t-max | max cores/job | cores/node (n) | RAM/node (GB) |
  | --- |
  | Shared | shared | 45 | 1 day | 7 day | 320 | 64 or 128 | 512

>   | Interactive | int | 2 | 1 hr | 4 hrs | 32 | 64 or 128 | 512

Reviewer: Check on interactive max nodes and update slurm guide with results

  | Pre-emptable (backfill) | pre | 45 | 4 hrs | 24 hrs | 320 | 64 or 128 | 512
  | Owners | *unique* | 19 | 24 hrs | 7 days | *unique* | 64 or 128 | 512

- `shared` compute nodes each have 64 or 128 cores and 512 GB of RAM.  
Jobs submitted to this partition 
can request and use up to 7 days of running time.

- `int` consists of two compute nodes is intended for short and immediate interactive 

> testing on a single node (up to 32 CPUs, 128 GB RAM). Jobs submitted to this partition 

Reviewer: Update max nodes/memory for int here and in slurm guide

Each user will receive two primary data storage locations: 

1. `/home/username` with an initial disk quota of 30GB 
and 250,000 items. Your home directory is meant to be used for files 

> you use over and over, like submit file templates, source code, software 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you use repeatedly, like submit file templates, source code, software 
```
